...battlefield and
replicated herself
so she could face them
in a tag team conflict.
Oh, wait, before that,
she turned you and I into
a T. rex and a compact sedan.
Uh, yeah, I'm aware
of that part.
Anywho, now Sarina's
fixing to find out
which of these guys is the one,
so she's about to activate some
kind of crazy mirror doohickey
that she calls...
"The Ultimate Test."
Hey, Hassleberry,
you were supposed to make
this duel less confusing for me.
Well, excuse me for
trying to help a guy out.
I'll just keep my trap shut.
Somehow I doubt that.
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the school yard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well back at class,
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn, hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times, hard climbs,
we'll take 'em on together ♪
♪ Right now, let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX, Generation X ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, ya better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ We'll make the grade
and win this fight ♪
♪
♪ We'll make the grade somehow ♪
♪ Yeah, Yu-Gi-Oh GX! ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, ya better
play your cards right ♪
♪ Come on and get
your game on ♪♪
♪
All right, boys.
My move.
♪
I sacrifice...
Nayuta and Asogi
in order to summon
the Dark Creator.
(roars)
She's not kiddin' around.
Neither am I, Jaden.
Silence.
The time has finally arrived,
so pay attention.
Thanks to your help,
I can sacrifice
my Full Moon Mirror
to play this:
my Infinite Fiend Mirror.
(shattering)
(groans)
(Sarina laughing)
(gasping)
♪
Now for the fun part.
When the Dark Creator
is on the field,
my Infinite Fiend Mirror
allows him to multiply
by the power of ten!
And each new fiend has
the exact same strength
as the original.
♪
My test is almost complete.
Only the Chosen Duelist
can defeat my dark army.
If they lose, I'm
gonna run on gasoline
for the rest of my life.
And my hips are gonna be huge!
(crying)
We won't lose.
I'm sure Aster has
it all figured out.
You realize I have
enough monsters
to render you
defenseless, right?
And that's exactly
what they're going to do.
Now, creators of
darkness, attack!
Hate to interrupt,
but I've got a trap.
It's Elemental Recharge,
and when it's activated,
it gives me a thousand points
for every Elemental HERO we got.
Sweetness!
If you're finished now,
I'd like to proceed
with the onslaught.
♪
-Jaden, no!
If you think that's bad,
just wait till you lose
700 points for each
monster I destroyed.
In fact, why should you wait?
Ah, dude, this is gonna hurt.
(groaning)
♪
Well, it looks like
this is the end.
That's right,
it's still her turn,
and she can attack us directly.
I'll lay this face-down
and that's it.
(sighs)
What's the deal?
She could've won
the duel just now.
Big mistake.
My move.
All right.
Careful, man.
Think before you act.
There must be a reason why
she didn't attack just now.
We're out of monsters and our
life points are wide open.
That's it!
They couldn't attack.
I bet they can only
target other monsters.
You're catchin' on.
Thanks, Aster.
You know, now that
I think of it,
this is exactly what
you and I need more of.
What, more of me
telling you what to do?
I meant teamwork,
you show-off.
I guess you figured
out my little secret.
I can only strike monsters.
And you don't have any.
Luckily I have the
power to change that.
With what?
With this trap card,
Return Talisman!
You see, boys, if by
the end of your turn
you don't have any
monsters on the field,
my talisman gives you one.
Consider it a gift.
Gee, thanks.
It's just what
I've always wanted.
(laughing)
It's show time.
Dark Creator, attack
with absolute darkness!
♪
Now that's teamwork.
And you lose 700 more points.
(groans)
We don't have much time left,
so listen up.
The only way out of this mess
is to wipe out her
army of mutants.
And luckily, it's my move,
so this is my chance
to prove to Sartorius
that I'm the Chosen
Duelist, not Jaden.
Hey, I know they're
about to destroy us,
but you gotta admit,
those Dark Creator guys are
pretty cool, aren't they?
Uh, hey, Jaden,
not the best time to be
admiring your enemies.
Well, I hate to say it,
but I better get used
to this pea-sized brain.
News flash: You always
had a dino brain.
All right, time to save the
day and show these people
that Aster Phoenix is
a cut above the rest.
Hey, Sarina, my move!
Whenever my Double Dude
goes to the Graveyard,
these guys take his place.
So, come on out...
Double Dude Token number one
and Double Dude
Token number two!
Not too shabby.
You got us two monsters
for the price of one.
Although now that I think of it,
other than stalling,
what's the point
of playing monsters
that are weaker than hers?
This is why you're a
beginner and I'm a pro.
I'm thinking about
the future, bro.
Aster, your confidence
is quite impressive.
Agreed, but are you the one?
That remains to be seen.
It has to be me.
There's no one in the world
that can stand up to my deck.
Hands of fate, do your thing!
Nice, I knew
destiny had my back.
Now I sacrifice one
of my Double Dudes!
You know why?
So I can play this!
My Destiny HERO - Dasher!
And he's got a
special ability, too,
so now I'm gonna sacrifice
my other Double Dude,
which increases Dasher's
strength by a thousand.
You did it!
Thanks to that
attack point boost,
your monster is stronger
than her Dark Creator.
Exactly, now give it to
'em with all you've got.
♪
(gasps)
No way, it's still there.
How observant.
Nice try, but it's
indestructible.
Hold on, you're saying
it can't be destroyed?
Yeah, that's usually
what people mean
when they say "indestructible."
What, did you skip that class?
So, let me get this straight.
If Dark Creator can't be beat,
how are we supposed to beat it?
Jaden, you might want
to stop talking now.
Not to worry.
I'm sure this next move
will shut both of you up.
Here we go, Dark Creator,
attack his so-called HERO.
♪
And don't forget his effect.
You lose 700 points.
♪
Dude, we've got 200 life
points left and no monsters.
And the Sarina sisters
have ten monsters.
Make that ten
invincible monsters.
I hate to say it, but
we're as good as gone.
No way!
A duel's not over until
the last card is played.
I'm all about looking
on the bright side,
but come on, Jaden.
Comes a time when you have
to admit you've been beat.
Otherwise you're
just fooling yourself.
I don't know whether
to applaud you
for not giving up
in the face of defeat
or laugh at you for being the
most naive amateur on Earth.
Hey, Jaden, I'll go
the distance with ya,
but I'm gonna need
a major pep talk.
What do you say?
What do I say?
I'd say if you're
looking for a pep talk,
you've come to the right place.
It's my specialty!
Now, remember how you
were making fun of me
for talking about teamwork?
Well, that's exactly
what we need.
Uh, well, not you
to make fun of me.
We need teamwork.
I hate to admit it, but--
okay, I won't admit it,
but I will try it out.
All right, here's
what we gotta do.
Forget the Chosen One,
forget Sartorius,
and just play the game.
Huh?
Winged Kuriboh.
Hmm?
We should use his Dasher?
Uh, Jaden, I'm gonna
leave this one up to you.
Cool, all we need now
is some kind of plan.
The way I see it, this is
our last turn no matter what,
and if teamwork is the answer,
then go ahead, Jaden.
Take my Destiny HEROs and win.
Come on!
Go, Jaden!
Not to worry.
It's all good, guys!
Uh, it's so not all good.
But my friends are counting on
me, and I can't let them down.
I've gotta play my cards right.
♪
Hey, ladies, my turn.
(gasps)
What's happenin'?
Hey, wait, are you a Neo-Spa--
Dig this, kid.
I just tell it like it is.
Okay.
You gotta lay
that Dasher on 'em.
Why not?
He's gonna be fine, isn't he?
All I know is, I could sure
go for a Brontosaurus burger.
Is he gonna duel or stand there
and ponder his purpose in life?
Hm.
(gasps)
All right, check it out, girls.
Since Dasher's in the Graveyard,
I can summon the card
that's in my hand.
Awesome!
Now I summon
my Neo-Spacian Dark Panther.
♪
Now here's the deal.
He's no ordinary cat.
As a matter of fact, you might
say he's a bit of a copycat,
'cause I can pick any
monster on the field
and my Panther will copy
all of its abilities.
And I think I'll choose none
other than your Dark Creator.
Excuse me?
(roars)
♪
-No!
It's all true.
So now I can activate the field
spell Infinite Fiend Mirror.
This oughta even things up.
♪
Next I'll get rid of
two Dark Creator Tokens
to summon my
Elemental HERO Neos.
♪
Time for some fusion action.
So I'll merge Neos
with my Dark Panther.
♪
Meet my newest Elemental HERO,
Dark Neos.
♪
(gasps)
But wait, it has
2500 attack points.
It's too weak to defeat
the Dark Creator.
That's true, but Dark Neos
has a special ability.
It can negate the abilities
of any other monster,
including Dark Creator.
So that means
your Dark Creator's not
indestructible anymore.
♪
Sorry, girls, it's
time to say goodbye.
Dark Creator Token,
show 'em what you got.
Attack Dark Creator!
♪
No, you can't!
If he's gone, so are
all of our Tokens.
♪
They're as good as extinct!
Three honks for Jay!
(honking)
We're defenseless.
But how did he
manage to do that?
Didn't you see?
First he destroyed Dark Creator.
That undid the effect
of Infinite Fiend Mirror.
No spell card,
no Creator Tokens.
And with no Tokens left,
you girls are out of luck.
Yeah, and why is that?
Look at your field.
Your life points are wide open.
Neos, end this duel.
Attack them directly.
♪
(groans)
(gasps)
It's me!
Thank you, sarge.
Let me tell you,
it's great to be back.
If I were a car or a T. rex,
you would've done
the same thing for me.
I've gotten out of
some tight spots before,
but what Jaden pulled off today
was like nothing I've ever seen.
-What a battle!
-Way to go, Jay!
-Nicely done!
-Awesome duel!
I spent this entire
duel trying to prove
that I'm the Chosen Duelist,
but if anyone can defy destiny,
it's Jaden.
Good job out there.
Huh--thanks, Aster.
But I gotta tell ya the truth.
I couldn't have done it
without your Destiny HERO.
So I don't think
there is a Chosen One.
If anything, there's two.
You're correct, Jaden.
I am?
You both passed the test.
Well done, now I
desperately need your help.
-Huh?
But not for me;
for my brother.
You see, the outcome of this
duel is indisputable, gentlemen.
He needs you both.
Promise me when I set you
free, you'll save Sartorius.
Save him from what?
From his own mind.
It's not his fault.
My brother is under the
control of an evil force.
Sure, he was never perfect,
but when he told me
about the Society of Light,
I knew something
had to be wrong.
What happened?
One day, a visitor came.
Sartorius was a fortune teller,
so visitors came all the time.
But this one was different,
and he changed everything.
After my brother
predicted his future,
the stranger offered him a card
as payment for his services.
I sensed a change in
Sartorius immediately.
This was no ordinary card.
I begged him to dispose of it,
but he wouldn't listen.
I was too late.
(laughing sinisterly)
(gasps)
My brother's soul
was split in two,
and the Sartorius
I knew was gone.
(shouting)
The card was a HERO monster,
much like your own.
It was extremely rare,
perhaps even one-of-a-kind.
Now it feeds his dark side while
imprisoning his gentle side.
That's not good.
But how can we help?
We have to get that card.
You said it was a HERO monster,
but what else can
you tell us about it?
What's the name of it,
and where can we find this card?
Alas, I wish I had the answers,
but I told you all I know.
Shortly after it arrived,
it disappeared.
It what?
(gasps)
We're out of time!
This world's programmed
to self-destruct!
You must leave here at once!
How do we get out?
Over there.
Well, what are we waiting for?
Come on, get up.
Syrus, Hassleberry, hurry!
Sir, yes, sir!
Follow me, Truesdale.
Let's go, guys!
Forward march, soldiers!
Hang on, we're coming!
You two go ahead.
I'm staying.
What?
It's meant to be.
This is where I belong, Jaden.
No one belongs here.
This has been my plan all along.
This program will release
me into Cyberspace.
From there, I shall be able
to watch over my brother.
(gasps)
That's nuts.
Leave while you can, but
please promise me this.
When you return home,
you will save Sartorius.
The fate of the universe
rests with you.
I know you won't let us down.
Yeah, but what are
we supposed to do?
I wish I had the answer,
but I'm afraid you
two are on your own.
Remember, you are
the Chosen Duelists,
so trust your instincts.
Destiny is in your hands now.
No, Sarina, wait!
Aster, Jaden, you
must leave at once!
What should we do?
Let's go!
Sarina!
We're gonna do everything
we can to save him.
I promise.
Jaden!
Hop to it, private!
♪
(grunts)
(gasps)
Is everyone all right?
Looks like we're all intact.
Can we go now?
Hey, have you seen four
kids about your size?
Actually, that's them.
What's up?
You guys are still here?
(scoffs)
Well, of course.
We've been worried
sick about you.
I won't lie, we were
worried about us, too.
Time to save the
universe, I hope.
Any idea how to help a guy
who's possessed by an evil card?
I haven't the slightest clue,
but I'm not too worried.
I always come
through in the end.
All right, are we going in
that virtual world or not?
Tell me you're kidding.
I don't want pudding.
That stuff wreaks havoc
on my gallbladder.
Grandpa, I'm sorry we dragged
you into this whole mess.
I wouldn't have
it any other way.
It's true, before you
came into my life,
the most exciting thing I did
was brush my false teeth.
Oh, I'm gonna miss you kids.
♪
How strange.
I would've expected Sarina
to contact me by now.
I must know the identity
of the Chosen Duelist.
Huh?
(gasps)
Aster and Jaden survived?
That means they both
have the power I need.
(laughing sinisterly)
♪
Gentlemen, ladies,
the time has come.
The future is at our fingertips.
Only two obstacles
stand in our way.
♪
♪ Chillin' out with the
crew in the school yard ♪
♪ Findin' trouble,
never lookin' too hard ♪
♪ Well back at class,
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn, hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times, hard climbs,
we'll take 'em on together ♪
♪ Right now, let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh GX ♪
♪ Game on, get your game on ♪
♪ Come on, come on
and get your game on ♪♪